README.md, before:

Voysis Javascript SDK
=====================
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/voysis/voysis-js.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/voysis/voysis-js)

This document provides a brief overview of the voysis javascript sdk.
This is a javascript library that facilitates sending voice
queries to a Voysis instance. The client allows audio to be
streamed from the device microphone.

Build & Test
------------
_If you haven't used [grunt](https://gruntjs.com/) before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started](https://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide._

Assuming you have grunt installed, install the project's dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

Once that's done, you can run the unit tests via `grunt test` or `npm test`

Creating the files for distribution can be done by `grunt dist`

Running `grunt` will run the default tasks, which will test and lint the code, and build the distribution.

Documentation
-------------

The full documentation for this library can be found here: [Voysis Developer Documentation](https://developers.voysis.com/docs) 

Basic Usage
-----------

The first step to using the lib is to create a VoysisSession.

```js
    var voysisSession = new VoysisSession({
        host: 'mycompany.voysis.io',
        audioProfileId: '123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000'
    });
```

From here, the simplest usage is to call sendAudioQuery, which
takes the language which will be used as a parameter.

```js
    voysisSession.sendAudioQuery('en-US').then(function (queryResult) {
        console.log('You said: ' + queryResult.textQuery.text);
    }).catch(function (error) {
        console.log("ERROR: ", error.message);
    });
```

The object passed to the callback will be the result of the query.

For more detailed info, check the documentation above.

Commit message:

Set up the grunt-release module to automate the steps for doing a release.

README.md, after:

Voysis Javascript SDK
=====================
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/voysis/voysis-js.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/voysis/voysis-js)

This document provides a brief overview of the voysis javascript sdk.
This is a javascript library that facilitates sending voice
queries to a Voysis instance. The client allows audio to be
streamed from the device microphone.

Build & Test
------------
_If you haven't used [grunt](https://gruntjs.com/) before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started](https://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide._

Assuming you have grunt installed, install the project's dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

Once that's done, you can run the unit tests via `grunt test` or `npm test`

Creating the files for distribution can be done by `grunt dist`

Running `grunt` will run the default tasks, which will test and lint the code, and build the distribution.

Creating a Release
------------------

Creating a release is done via the grunt-release npm package, which should
have installed as part of the `npm install` execution from the Build & Test
section. You will also need to place a Github API token in your environment,
in the `GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN` variable. Generate an API token from [this
page.](https://github.com/settings/tokens)


You must be on the *master* branch with no local modifications prior to
running the release tasks.

First, do a dry-run of the release process and examine the steps to ensure
they correspond to your expectations:

```
grunt release --no-write
```

If you accept the steps, re-run the command without `--no-write`:

```
grunt release
```


Documentation
-------------

The full documentation for this library can be found here: [Voysis Developer Documentation](https://developers.voysis.com/docs) 

Basic Usage
-----------

The first step to using the lib is to create a VoysisSession.

```js
    var voysisSession = new VoysisSession({
        host: 'mycompany.voysis.io',
        audioProfileId: '123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000'
    });
```

From here, the simplest usage is to call sendAudioQuery, which
takes the language which will be used as a parameter.

```js
    voysisSession.sendAudioQuery('en-US').then(function (queryResult) {
        console.log('You said: ' + queryResult.textQuery.text);
    }).catch(function (error) {
        console.log("ERROR: ", error.message);
    });
```

The object passed to the callback will be the result of the query.

For more detailed info, check the documentation above.
